add bindParams to db_sqlite (#14408)
nim-lang/Nim: changelog.md

## Standard library additions and changes

> - Add `bindParams`,`bindParam` to `db_sqlite`.

Reviewer: Maybe describe a bit on what these new procs do?

> - Add `bindParams`,`bindParam` to `db_sqlite`,call `prepare` get `SqlPrepared` then `bindParams` or `bindParam` to it then `exec` then `finalize` the `SqlPrepared`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `bindParams`, `bindParam` to `db_sqlite` for binding parameters into a `SqlPrepared` statement.
```

I think this should work better.
